(DOCS-6421) Update Basic Agent Usage docs (#21110)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/basic_agent_usage/_index.md

{{< partial name="platforms/platforms.html" links="platforms" >}}

## Managing the Agent

You can manage your Agent installation using the Datadog Agent Manager GUI or from the command line.

### Datadog Agent Manager GUI

<div class="alert alert-info">The Agent GUI is not supported on 32-bit Windows platforms.</div>

Use the Datadog Agent Manager GUI to:
- View the status information for your Agent
- View all running checks
- View the Agent log
- Edit the Agent configuration file (`datadog.yaml`)
- Add or edit Agent checks
- Send flares

The Datadog Agent Manager GUI is enabled by default on Windows and macOS, and runs on port `5052`. Use the `datadog-agent launch-gui` command to open the GUI in your default web browser.

> You can change the GUIs default port in your `datadog.yaml` configuration file. To disable the GUI, set the port's value to `-1`. The GUI is disabled by default on Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the GUI's default port in your `datadog.yaml` configuration file. To disable the GUI, set the port's value to `-1`. On Linux, the GUI is disabled by default.
```

GUI requirements:

> - Cookies must be enabled in your browser. The GUI generates and saves a token in your browser which is used for authenticating all communications with the GUI server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cookies must be enabled in your browser. The GUI generates and saves a token in your browser, which is used for authenticating all communications with the GUI server.
```

Or 'that' instead of 'which', no comma

- To start the GUI, the user must have the required permissions. If you are able to open `datadog.yaml`, you are able to use the GUI.

> - For security reasons, the GUI can **only** be accessed from the local network interface (`localhost`/`127.0.0.1`), therefore you must be on the same host that the Agent is running. You can't run the Agent on a VM or a container and access it from the host machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For security reasons, the GUI can **only** be accessed from the local network interface (`localhost`/`127.0.0.1`), therefore you must be on the host where the Agent is running. You can't run the Agent on a VM or a container and access it from the host machine.
```

### Command-line interface

From Agent 6 and later, the Agent command-line interface is based on subcommands. For a full list of Agent subcommands, see [Agent Commands][2].

## Getting further with the Datadog Agent

### Update the Agent

To manually update the Datadog Agent core between two minor versions on a given host, run the [corresponding installation command for your platform][7].

> **Note**: If you want to manually update one specific Agent integration see the [Integration Management guide][8].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you want to manually update one specific Agent integration, see the [Integration Management guide][8].
```
